Hi, it's me Destin. This week, Smarter Every Day teaches you something
with a gun and a high-speed camera. Do you remember the old video with the gun underwater?
This week I will repeat this with a better camera and bigger weapons.
Okay, we have my father's AK-47 here.
Fine, the gun is not charged.
There is a small stop on the back of this thing,
to which the stock will click. So everything I did
is that I created a metal counterpart. We have it on this side
and on the other hand it is fastened with a J-bolt
as you can see, clicked
and here, attached to the J-bolt.
If you do not know the AK-47, it's very easy. Just remove the top cover
remove the spring and then remove the breech carrier
When you pull out the breech, you can see this big piston.
Thanks to this piston, the whole mechanism that charges another charge works and it is quite simple how these things work.
When a bullet moves through the barrel passes an opening,
which allows the gases to enter the cylinder
in which the piston moves rearwards, which moves the breech block,
he charges another charge from the stack. So I ask: when the gas goes into
cylinder and begins to push the piston,
what will happen to that whole water? I think it will slow down the shutter,
but we'll use a high-speed camera to find out if I'm right.
Here we have a small cap that I painted white so we can figure out the speed.
First shot: air. As you can see,
we shoot right into the embankment.
3 ... 2 ... 1 ...
So, time for water.
3 .. 2 .. 1 ..
That's a lot more water than last.
Let's try if it still works. We'll find out if I owe another father a gun.
It's still working. So what is the answer?
Does the buoy move faster in the wind or when the whole gun is underwater?
Before I show you the answer, I must apologize to you. When you look at the video
Underwater gun, you will see that only the back of the aquarium has broken apart,
but the walls remained intact. But now I used hardened glass instead of normal.
If you break a corner on a hardened glass, the whole board will break apart.
So, of course, I ruined the experiment, I'm sorry.
Check out the difference between air and water:
I have two theories why water is faster.
When you think about it, you have a large column of water in front of the chamber.
So you have to accelerate all the matter instead of just the bullet itself.
It makes sense, because if you look, you will see a broken fuse.
This shows us the high pressure in the chamber. That is, the piston
pushes more force. Water is also incompressible, while air is compressible.
As a result, the pressure gets to the piston faster.
I hope you liked it. My goal was to create not just something to learn, but something to enjoy
and for what I deserve your subscription. But I messed up with the aquarium, so that
maybe I deserve in the second part. If you want to see it click me.
And do not try it at home. I have a little more experience than you think.
I'm Destin. You're smarter every day. Have a nice day.
I think now is a good time to discuss the terms of our agreement.
You'll replace my weapon if you do damage it anyway.
Wait, it does not sound like a discussion. It sounds like an order.
3 ... 2 ... 1 ...
It is a non-functioning charge.
The sail was a bad idea. A little in the wrong place.
Tilt to capture all glass. It's much more fun if you pretend to be an elephant
and collecting nuts. You may notice a bubble,
which came out through these openings. We will talk about this in the second part.